Add information about pick'ems to the OWC 2020 article and news post (#4240)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2020-09-24-OWC-2020-registrations-open.md

| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | 36% of the prize pool, exclusive single-run merch, profile badge |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | 14% of the prize pool, exclusive single-run merch, profile badge |

## Pick'Ems

> Pick'ems will level up to the next stage! [hallowatcher](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1874761) is **[hosting the Pick'ems this year again](https://pickem.hwc.hr/tournaments/47)**, but will feature supporter prizes and a badge for the best fortune teller! Check the **[forum page](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1151126)** for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This year, pick'ems have evolved to the next level! [hallowatcher](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1874761) is **hosting the [Pick'ems](https://pickem.hwc.hr/tournaments/47)  once again**, but now featuring osu!supporter tag prizes and a badge for the best fortune teller! Check out **[this forum thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1151126)** for more details.
```
might be better
